README.md, before:

# Thoughts

As everyone does, I think about a lot of things.

You could
[consider this like an ever-evolving blog](./on/why_not_a_blog/)
that hopefully shows the progression of my thoughts towards a better
understanding of the world.

Please make sure you [read this in the correct context](./on/context/)
so my writing is not misinterpreted.
Also [check the status of each page](./on/status/) to see if it is worth
reading at this point in time.

Thank you for your interest!


## Coding

### Practices

- Ensuring future happiness by
  [making myself redundant](./on/making_myself_redundant/).

- [Flexible work](./on/flexible_work/) with distributed teams.

- How to [describe project features](./on/describing_projects/) using
  Agile development ideas.

- [Keeping notes and time spent](./on/logging_life/) on activities.

- What I look for in [projects on GitHub](./on/coding_on_GitHub/).


### Preferences

- Why I dislike [zero-based indexing](./on/zero-based_index/).

- [Why I like CoffeeScript](./on/why_CoffeeScript/)
  and [my coding style](./on/CoffeeScript_style/) with it.

- Why I prefer [tabs over spaces](./on/tabs_vs_spaces/)
  and [snake-case over camel-case](./on/snake_vs_camel_case/).


## Experiences

- How I spent [a year without shaving](./on/year-beard/).

- My [progression through coding languages](./on/my/coding_evolution/).


## Society

- My beliefs and views on [religion](./on/religion/).

- [Questioning if idea theft is wrong](./on/is_idea_theft_wrong/).

- Recognising [discrimination](./on/discrimination/).

- Rethinking [homelessness](./on/homelessness/) to fix my limited
  knowledge of it.

Commit message:

Add build notes to main README

README.md, after:

# Thoughts

As everyone does, I think about a lot of things.

You could
[consider this like an ever-evolving blog](./on/why_not_a_blog/)
that hopefully shows the progression of my thoughts towards a better
understanding of the world.

Please make sure you [read this in the correct context](./on/context/)
so my writing is not misinterpreted.
Also [check the status of each page](./on/status/) to see if it is worth
reading at this point in time.

Thank you for your interest!


## For GitHub viewers

In case you are reading this on GitHub:

Normally this README would include build instructions for this project,
but since I am building each of the pages from the README (to make it easier to view on GitHub),
I have included these instructions in
[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/MattMS/thoughts.mattms.info/blob/gh-pages/CONTRIBUTING.md).


## Coding

### Practices

- Ensuring future happiness by
  [making myself redundant](./on/making_myself_redundant/).

- [Flexible work](./on/flexible_work/) with distributed teams.

- How to [describe project features](./on/describing_projects/) using
  Agile development ideas.

- [Keeping notes and time spent](./on/logging_life/) on activities.

- What I look for in [projects on GitHub](./on/coding_on_GitHub/).


### Preferences

- Why I dislike [zero-based indexing](./on/zero-based_index/).

- [Why I like CoffeeScript](./on/why_CoffeeScript/)
  and [my coding style](./on/CoffeeScript_style/) with it.

- Why I prefer [tabs over spaces](./on/tabs_vs_spaces/)
  and [snake-case over camel-case](./on/snake_vs_camel_case/).


## Experiences

- How I spent [a year without shaving](./on/year-beard/).

- My [progression through coding languages](./on/my/coding_evolution/).


## Society

- My beliefs and views on [religion](./on/religion/).

- [Questioning if idea theft is wrong](./on/is_idea_theft_wrong/).

- Recognising [discrimination](./on/discrimination/).

- Rethinking [homelessness](./on/homelessness/) to fix my limited
  knowledge of it.
