on/religion_in_my_life/README.md, before:

# Religion in my life

Status: [readable](../status/).

Growing up, my family did not force any particular belief system on me.
Opinions were shared, but it was more about keeping an open mind rather
than directing thoughts.

Friends of my family have different religious and spiritual beliefs,
some from different cultures, and gatherings exposed me to their
different practices and views.

As a child, I was quite skeptical of it all and probably would have
called myself an [atheist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atheism).


## School

At school, I recall visiting a church and a couple of times when a
chaplain spoke to our class.
I gathered that the majority of students had no interest in it because
these events were usually mocked afterwards.

I did quite well at school and started to understand the world through
science and logic, which further defined my skepticism in religion.

As an aside, I want to make it clear that I do not think this was wrong.
I think people should be respectful of beliefs, but I do not think this
should be at the expense of explaining the world through the scientific
process.

I think that providing everyone a better understanding of science can
only improve our lives in this world.
But as with anything, this also requires knowing who commissioned the
studies and what their interests are.


## Friends

Although the majority of people I know do not seem interested in
religion, I do have religious friends.
Over the years I have heard their views on different topics, which I
always find interesting.

I think my parents approach of not forcing, but still exposing us to
different groups, along with hearing friends views has made me a lot
more open to viewing the world in different ways.


## Work

Given my current job, which is entirely based around science, it seems
quite ironic that I am becoming increasingly interested in learning
about different beliefs.
But this is more likely related to my own curiousity rather than my
current environment.

This curiousity extends into many different philosophical questions too.


## Future

I will continue expanding this page as I learn more so I do not think
it will ever be finished.

Any input would be greatly appreciated and will hopefully provide
additions to this page!

Commit message:

Update intro on religion in my life

on/religion_in_my_life/README.md, after:

# Religion in my life

Status: [readable](../status/).

Growing up, my family did not force any particular belief system on me.
Opinions were shared, but it was more about keeping an open mind rather
than directing thoughts.

My friends and family have different religious and spiritual beliefs,
and gatherings exposed me to their practices and views.

Until my mid-20s, I was quite skeptical of it all and probably would
have called myself an [atheist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atheism).
But now I am becoming more open to the other aspects of religion, beyond
their belief systems.


## School

At school, I recall visiting a church and a couple of times when a
chaplain spoke to our class.
I gathered that the majority of students had no interest in it because
these events were usually mocked afterwards.

I did quite well at school and started to understand the world through
science and logic, which further defined my skepticism in religion.

As an aside, I want to make it clear that I do not think this was wrong.
I think people should be respectful of beliefs, but I do not think this
should be at the expense of explaining the world through the scientific
process.

I think that providing everyone a better understanding of science can
only improve our lives in this world.
But as with anything, this also requires knowing who commissioned the
studies and what their interests are.


## Friends

Although the majority of people I know do not seem interested in
religion, I do have religious friends.
Over the years I have heard their views on different topics, which I
always find interesting.

I think my parents approach of not forcing, but still exposing us to
different groups, along with hearing friends views has made me a lot
more open to viewing the world in different ways.


## Work

Given my current job, which is entirely based around science, it seems
quite ironic that I am becoming increasingly interested in learning
about different beliefs.
But this is more likely related to my own curiousity rather than my
current environment.

This curiousity extends into many different philosophical questions too.


## Future

I will continue expanding this page as I learn more so I do not think
it will ever be finished.

Any input would be greatly appreciated and will hopefully provide
additions to this page!
